Add react-native-skia to out-of-tree platform list (#3730)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/out-of-tree-platforms.md

- [React Native tvOS](https://github.com/react-native-tvos/react-native-tvos) - React Native for Apple TV and Android TV devices.
- [React Native Web](https://github.com/necolas/react-native-web) - React Native on the web using React DOM.
- [Valence Native](https://github.com/valence-native/valence-native) - A wrapper for React Native, using Qt to target Linux, macOS, and Windows. Forked from [Proton Native](https://github.com/kusti8/proton-native) which is no longer maintained.

> - [React Native Skia](https://github.com/react-native-skia/react-native-skia) - React Native with [Skia](https://skia.org/) renderer, currently support Linux and macOS.

Reviewer: nit: minor rewording

```suggestion
- [React Native Skia](https://github.com/react-native-skia/react-native-skia) - React Native using [Skia](https://skia.org/) as a renderer.  Currently supports Linux and macOS.
```
